I've reviewed your application status and the screenshots you've provided. Here's what I can see:

Current Application State
✅ Server is running properly:

Database health check: completed successfully
Socket.IO server: initialized
Express server: serving on port 5000
Authentication: working correctly
Real-time connections: established
Issues Identified in Screenshots
The screenshots show multiple JSON parsing errors across different CRM modules:

1. Commissions Page
Error: Unexpected token '<', "<!DOCTYPE "... is not valid JSON
URL: /crm/commissions
2. Activities Page
Error: "Error Loading Activities - There was a problem loading your activities"
URL: /crm/activities
3. Clients Page
Error: Unexpected token '<', "<!DOCTYPE "... is not valid JSON
URL: /crm/clients
4. Accounts Page
Error: "Error Loading Accounts - There was a problem loading your accounts"
URL: /crm/accounts
5. Leads Page
Error: Unexpected token '<', "<!DOCTYPE "... is not valid JSON
URL: /crm/leads
Additional toast error: "Failed to load leads data. Please refresh the page"
6. CRM Dashboard
Shows Kanban view with pipeline stages but appears to be working
Root Cause Analysis
The error pattern Unexpected token '<', "<!DOCTYPE "... is not valid JSON indicates that:

API endpoints are returning HTML instead of JSON
This typically happens when:
Routes are not properly defined
Middleware is redirecting to an error page
The server is serving the index.html for missing API routes
Error Handling Status
✅ Good news: Your error handling system is working correctly:

Errors are being caught and displayed to users
Toast notifications are functioning
Global error handlers are initialized
Socket connections are stable
Server Console Logs Look Healthy
From the workflow logs, I can see:

All database connections are working
Authentication is successful
Socket.IO is properly initialized
No server-side errors are being logged
Next Steps (When Ready)
When you're ready to fix these issues, the problems likely lie in:

Missing or incorrect API route definitions for CRM modules
Route middleware that might be interfering with JSON responses
Frontend API calls pointing to non-existent endpoints
The application architecture is sound, and the core infrastructure (database, authentication, real-time features) is working correctly. The issues are isolated to specific CRM module API endpoints.