1. The app is not working. Tell him to find all the bugs, diagnose them, fix them, and make the app run again smoothly. Also, tell it to fix all the missing bugs and fixes to do. Complete the logics and workflows and make the logics works between the different modules and complete the secitons and functionality.

2. Also, this might be huge but now I am thinking of creating Metio as a big enterprise ERP thing which might have different hierarchies. For example, just think it form my point of view, I run MetaSys. But MetaSys itself have 2 parts. Two Subsidiarie, right? 1 is the Tech Side, MetaSys Solutions, 2nd is MetaSys Logistics. So they cannot be the same. They needs to be segregated. So like I can add or manage Organizations as well and name them. For this entire existing applicaiton which is already made, that Ai Agent needs to move it under MetaSys Logistics. For MetaSys Solutions or the Tech Side, I will tell him what to do later on. 

3. Tell it explicitly and clearly that there are severall missing modules or functions or features or functionalities for which the content or heading is there, but there are not running. For example, adding new team members or inviting them to the application and assigning them to the relevant team and also set their permissions or User Roles. Like Profile Management is completley missing right now. 

4. I need to add Finance, Human Resources (Inside it there can be Talent Acquisition, People & Culture, Onboarding of new Employees like a checklist, etc etc). I am not going to write everything what can come under this, neither the Replit agent is that smart that it will do it itself. We have to tell it what need to be done and added. We also need to add Marketing module. Entire Marketing Module. Everything under it.I will eventually run massive Inbound Marketing or MQLs. Need a complete module for it. Integrations can be done later. 

5. Make the UI a little more improved. There are no animations or hover effects right now. Add some, just some little to make it look good. 