Okay, so while this Replet bot is making the fixes as per our previous entire instruction, you know, continue helping me act as a product manager. Nothing to, you know, give him as like a coding instructions. Replet can figure it out itself, but just help him out with, you know, understanding the business logics and requirements where he can implement things on his own. So that's perfectly fine. And now, I need your actual help to, you know, to...

Now I need your help to make a little more sense of the CRM. Right now in the sidebar, it says under the section like main, it says CRM, and CRM dispatch, invoices, like these three things are only showing. Okay, so that's perfectly fine. When you click the module CRM, it's like a dropdown, and only three options appear, like leads, clients, commissions, right? So yeah, yes, that's fine, but don't you think we need to make CRM a little more client-focused, right? Maybe how HubSpot maintains it, right? How HubSpot, you know, maybe manages it, like for example, for example, if, you know, from the sales perspective, if we have converted a lead, right? So that lead is marked as, you know, one or converted or active or something or client, right? Okay, but, you know, afterwards, there is no option to see that except maybe working of the load, right? So, what is happening is that it is also showing us this, this is showing us the...Right now the problem is the CRM and the butt plate has built is that the sales people it is assuming that the sales people is actually doing the load management as well or dispatch management as well which is entirely wrong this is not the case the sales people just have to work with the CRM with customer relationship management with sales closing them and then handing off to the dispatch and that's it other than that they just need to know just need to know that you know if they're still actively working with us or not or if they're you know working load spacer with us or not or maybe or maybe let's say for example yeah if they are happy with us or not or something like that and maybe what do you suggest should we add like more more options under CRM when we click CRM in the sidebar so it shows just leads clients and commission shouldn't there be like more once you already told to change from clients to accounts that's fine what if we add like a customer survey and then the sales person should be accountable to have like one customer survey or like a feedback session with that particular his particular lead every month

And yes, the entire working on that particular lead in the entire CRM module should be interconnected and it should be showed in the activity feed and that should also be showed entirely in the dispatch as well. When sales hands over that lead to the dispatch side, for the dispatcher, they should see every single activity that the salesperson did, whether they called him, messaged him, emailed him, they are logging activity against him, and yes, there should be a button inside the activity feed to log calls and everything for them, and yes, and there should be like, you know, there should be another like this lead, creating a lead should also have like something like that the salesperson maybe added that lead prematurely in the system for his own understanding that he thinks that this lead has a potential and then he will, you know, take it up for the next three months with him and convert him, and during that, he must, should be logging in to the calls and emails and also.

And also setting up notifications for himself, how sales pipelines are built inside of ClickUp, for example. So what they do is they just add a contact here and set as a notification for themselves or a due date. That, for example, I need to call this lead again after seven days. And automatically after seven days, the system sends them a notification within the platform in ClickUp and also email them that today that this is a reminder for you to call XYZ lead today. So in essence, we have already completed and built our notification system inside the platform, which can be accessed like two ways. One is sidebar, and so there's an extensive notification entire panel there, module. And there's a small notification button on the top header as well, which opens a notification panel or notification tab, just a small one, which shows the latest notification on the top. So it makes sense, all of this.
