Okay, so I need your help to edit some fundamental things in our entire ERP system. So these are not merely some bug fixes or QA. I think there was some, you know, maybe mistake from my end. I jumped or rushed way too forward and way too fast on additional features like gamification, and you know, things like, you know, things that should have been at the very last, at the very end of beautification. Yeah, so beautification of things. So it shouldn't be like this, right? So I need your help to fix this.
However, this does not mean that the new things that which Repl.it builds or edits is to be very bland or you know on grayscale since half of if for example now the entire platform has that beautification gamification element you know colored icons and it looks really really good you know the buttons and everything according to our branding color and everything but now if you know if Repl.it builds anything it should be on the same lines otherwise it it will look very odd yes you know half of the things has this beautification and the rest is all bland

So, the problem is that you the problem is that maybe build those workflows and things in the wrong way it's not merely QA or bug fixes the entire working of things right now as it seems is not according to what I expected you know why this problem is because while there were so many issues and I could not load any pages and things I was always stuck on the QA side now finally after you know multiple days of iterations and things I got to where I got to a step stage where you know there's some things that actually can be seen and working so now I understand that and because there was so much time delay I was just giving random prompts to this replay for gamification and XYZ and you know how to build time tracking modules and everything but instead right now entire thing is kind of a waste, entire thing is broken, not exactly also broken but wrong the workflow's logic are wrong the fundamental things are wrong

SeeFor example that you know apart from you and yes you continue you will continue to act as like an expert product manager like a business analyst someone who is an engineering leader or a solution architect or a solution person who can you know understand my business requirements and maybe help replicate on the same lines right someone you know who can who can make sense of all of this and who can make sense of you know who can make sense of getting those workflows working back-end logic front-end logics things how these will connect to one another dashboards analytics reporting you know getting data in getting data out export capabilities all these things XYZ whatever it is like database sockets schemas front-end back-end UI everything

And one thing for sure that we're not asking Repl.it to, you know, completely delete everything, right? We're not asking Repl.it to delete all the functionalities or remove all the functionalities. No, it is not like that. We will be asking Repl.it to change some fundamental things in the entire thing, starting with our MVP. Okay, so right now we're going to, although the rest of the modules are like half-built, these finance and HR XYZ, we're going to focus on sales, dispatch, invoices. That's it for now. That's our fundamental focus.

And within this, what we're going to do is that, you know, number one, so starting with the very first thing. So I asked Rappler to build these advanced CRM capabilities on the lines of HubSpot, Pipedrive, Salesforce, and it implemented something like lead scoring, activity feed, and all these things, but they are nowhere to be found. Although the bot each and again and again says that the back-end is done, and on the front-end it is now also done, but I cannot find anything, and I'm not able to, you know, add any lead as well. Maybe the problem is that I cannot, since there is no data of new lead, and maybe these things are working, but when I use this new lead form, write this button, this does not let me to create any lead as well. This is not working. It shows like a big error, right, and also

And also, you know, the lead form, there's a button when you go to CRM. No, when you go to leads under CRM module, it shows like a tick button of create new lead. Right? New lead plus. So, but it opens the form, and the form is wrong. Right? There is no field to add. No field to add, like agent name, user name. No, no, no, no field to add. Like, you know, the MC number. It does say MC age, but what's the point of MC age if there's no MC number? There is no additional, you know, additional maybe fields or information like truck type, all these things. So, and also, I did share the form against which it needed to build this. So, it created the wrong new lead form.

Also, I need your help to fix one critical workflow. So, there are two ways for a lead to getting into our ERP system. One is manually by the sales side. Whether they meet anyone in person or cold calls them or emails them. And they will be adding that lead, you know, in a manually way. And manually via, you know, manually via...
Why a new lead form? And yes, that form is wrong. Maybe I will share a sample or a template of a form as well. Not the UI, not the front-end, not the graphics or, you know, design. Just the fields that needed to be there. Also, maybe mandatory and some would not be mandatory. And the second option is for MQL. So first is SQL, next is MQL. MQL needs to be, you know, added in a way that it automatically adds to the system via maybe social media or integration of our website with ERP and things like that, right? So that's how it will add.

And once this is added, right, also, I'm not sure how to make sense of it. Maybe we can, you know, add another sub-modules of MQL and SQL, or maybe not. That would be the wrong, maybe, iteration. And how to, you know, make sense of the workflow. You help me out, act as like a sales expert or a solution expert, right? Or maybe create like a status or a lead, something, you know, which can add as a field of lead. Maybe auto-triggered or maybe added by a person who is adding the lead. But obviously, if it's manually added, it's SQL. If it's automatically added, it's MQL, right? So that's the thing. And number two, maybe add like a section of MQL and SQL within leads under CRM. I'm not sure how this might work, but you help me out. So this is a critical feature that is still missing.

Also, there is another section of Clients under CRM, the module CRM and Clients. Although, the Clients section is perfectly fine, I like this section. But, it shows a button of Create Load. Why load? What purpose of, you know, adding that button under Clients tab under CRM? These are for the sales people who are using CRM. The dispatchers are using the dispatch module. So, this is fundamentally wrong and this is, you know, very poorly thought of. Yes, this section looks fine and it might give all the best details of the client. But, I don't want the sales people to have that ability to, you know, click on the Create Load button under any client and also see the entire history of the money or the revenue that the client is generating for us. The sales people in this, you know, in this organization structure has no point in seeing all of this.

However, this entire client sub-module under CRM can be literally replicated or duplicated under the dispatch module. There is already a button of clients under dispatch module as well, but it is not working. I am not sure how might it look like. But yeah, this client sub-module, which is under CRM right now, maybe can just be moved to the one under dispatch. That would be a good idea, yes. Because people under CRM should have possibility of the clients and everything, but not all of them. Like, they should not have the ability to create loads or maybe, you know, doing these things. And yes, Repl.it also says that he has implemented, like, customer surveys and relationship management features for the clients. But I cannot see them anywhere.

So, right now our focus is to fix the entire CRM module. So once our sales side is set, we can move on to the dispatch side.